When is the school leave as party? Look at the school calendar! It'll be held on the 30th of May. We're all invited.
In fact, I was chosen to play the dance music.
And I was asked to bring some balloons and paint some pictures for the party.
The teachers have asked everyone to prepare a traditional dish from their home country.
Can we cook it at school? We can heat it up in the school kitchen, but it should be cooked at home.
What are you going to make? Heart and sour soup. It's made with chicken and vegetables.
But the invitation says finger food. That means you eat it with your fingers. Not with a knife, fork or spoon.
Oh, soup's no good then. What about you? Cheeseburgers. Cheeseburgers are made with hand burgers and cheese.
And you, darling? Jiaozi, my grandmother makes the best Jiaozi.
Is she invited to the school leave as party too?
Hmm, I see what you mean. What about you, Tony?
A traditional English pizza with cheese, tomato and ham.
Pizza isn't English, it's Italian. But it's eaten everywhere in England.
It's becoming popular in China too.